As requested on Twitter, here is an alternative to get the UDID witho… (#1438)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: Document/0x06b-Basic-Security-Testing.md

The UDID is a 40-digit unique sequence of letters and numbers to identify an iOS device. You can find the [UDID of your iOS device via iTunes](http://www.iclarified.com/52179/how-to-find-your-iphones-udid "How to Find Your iPhone's UDID"), by selecting your device and clicking on "Serial Number" in the summary tab. When clicking on this you will iterate through different meta-data of the iOS device including its UDID.

> It is also possible to get the UDID via the command line, from a device attached via USB using `ioreg`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On macOS, it is also possible to get the UDID of a device attached per USB via the command line,  using the [I/O Registry Explorer](https://developer.apple.com/library/archive/documentation/DeviceDrivers/Conceptual/IOKitFundamentals/TheRegistry/TheRegistry.html "I/O Registry Explorer") tool `ioreg`:
```
